in 2013 the hybrid car will not stop
that failing nabeul stopped by nigeria
and yet started in the village and
cissé bacongo
everything was together to party but
Emmanuel emenike breaks it's not good
in the 42nd minute 1-0 for the super eagle
in mid-time despite all the Ivorians
hope back the victory of the
victim there is
you
it will still be a problem
you have two platters the atmosphere is
rather relaxed especially when 70 and
set the record straight for the
elephants one of the party
unfortunately the Ivorians the recovery
in the 70th minute
a base 110 passes the whole defense
Ivorian reviewed Scotland the addition 2
goals to 1 for the Nigerians the
Ivorians still returning home
without trophy and I defend it is a
great nation will not tell you how
does he hat I'm girl would
I feel sick, but it's our country
we will have an opportunity in paradise and
two inventors they will be elements
a day will come when will be so big one
did not think damascus the 21 results
think of their final at least
so me it's bearable and bombay on
thought that this generation of players
with nuances but good could not have
grab and luck we lost it's not
serious if he
it's sport
in the 2013 end of course for the
ivory coast elephants
beaten by the super eagles of nigeria
on a score of two goals to the strong
mobilization around the team
was not enough to boost
pachyderms to abidjan the disillusionment
bed on the faces
yet he believed it until the
last minute
discouragement is not Ivorian like
we usually hear it on the hillside
of ivory one consoles oneself hoping that
next time will be the right one
I think that just now
ben will concretize all in our
machines it's going to be a discipline where the
Mark
it's a speech at home for the
wind did not reach the goal is not
here we put it to carry the know
not she did not hang out to win for
replace the solid
TV
the death